# Creating Write Relief
Write Relief is an ispiration derived after a series of trajic events which led to the a belief that there had to be a better way to face challeneges of life without relying soley on healtcare professionals. Healthcare professionals are human, and as such the system is flawed, despite the systems good intentions the people that are apart of it do cause harm in some circumstances.

### About
Write Relief emerged from a heartfelt mission to support well-being and confidentiality. Its founder, overcoming a tumultuous start in life that included homelessness, and disability, embarked on the journey of continuous improvement and healing. However, years into this journey after establishing a successful business in another industry, a breach of trust and ethics by a mental health professional highlighted the dire need for a safe, anonymous space to share sensitive thoughts without fear of exposure or judgment.
Write Relief is a sanctuary for expression, providing a secure platform where nothing you share is stored—unless you choose to keep your writing. Our community thrives on anonymity, allowing you to freely express concerns that might otherwise go unvoiced due to potential reporting obligations in a healthcare setting. Here, you can vent and find solace, or practice your writing and garner support knowing your privacy is our utmost priority and you don’t have to be alone in what your going through.

### User Interface
Creating the User interface for Write relief has taken several weeks, it began as a shot in the dark attempt at creating a UI with no design, just to see what came out of it. Digging through my code bank I found some useful tools I was able to build upon or repurpose. After a wek of digging around, I was faced with some serious challenges of trying to deterine how to best represent a Blog application in a way that was fresh and not so mundane. Centering the core search functions around the TAG Cloud provided this solution, additionally generating some original graphics and converting them to base 64 images was a pivitol moment in the UI design phase. By leveraging the base64 conversion I was able to access graphics with a level of quality and flexibility that I had not achieved before. Once this happened I began using Figma and some other basic design tool to style the pages, and the color pallete turned out to fit well with the logo design.

### Features
Determining the features is an ongoing process, but for an MVP for a project using AI and building in a text editor to compete with some higher end blog sites seemed to be a must, Slate and Google Gemini emerged as the top contenders for these features. Additionally, trying to build in a fresh perspective to the blog was something I didnt want to loose sight of, so the idea to create a top 100 category made sense. While a function of the site is to provide security and anonymity, it is also to ensure people are not feeling alone as they face their challeneges, when someone recieves overwheling support or recognition because what they wrote was felt by many others, this effect is realized. 

Other features which were essetial in the design phase that were considered include the free teir, the free tier is essential to the frst time user, and they need to feel welcome. They also need to experience the tranformative power of expression through writing. Perhaps not everyine will use the monthly subscription, so those who wish to forever remain anonymous will always be welcome here. 
